no no
It's been a while since I'm in my
channel to see when was the last time
I uploaded a video but a month without uploading
videos
hello youtube users I hope not
bother them my absence will see I was with
many things to do that I forgot
be active on my channel plus I did
a video and I thought about uploading the week
gone but for some reason I did not
I find a pity but that you
can do good resuming I wanted to do
a video of who has more advantage xbox
one or playstation 4 for the user
proto man 20 xx but you know what
it happened to me and I did not have time to do it
but he here I intend to make this a
little quick do not worry I have something
of time lately but I want to do
other videos well I'm going to compare these
two consoles and see which of the two
have more advantages to see the xbox one
it costs $ 499 I remember reading
that they lowered the price I think I'm not
sure and the playstation 4 is known to
it costs 399 dollars a big difference
do not believe we see the characteristics of
the controls the xbox one says it includes
more than 40 improvements with respect to the command
wireless xbox
60 is more enveloping thanks to the
impulse triggers and their new
Vibration motors of the triggers is
more accurate and more comfortable the dual
shock 4 has a touch panel to have
new ways to play and interact with
the games a lighting bar that
gives useful game information as per
example the health bar was changed the
start and select buttons for a new
Share button serves to share
your triumphs and achievements when loading plays
real time austria mo when uploading
recorded videos to facebook has
integrated mono speaker connection and
hearing aids and in addition to a new design and
improved vibration I forgot that
has an accessory called a camera
playstation that you use to share
some video of you while you play the
video will be in high definition and
Chat with your voice and other things
this would be like 'lucky neck 2 clear that
It has some characteristics
interesting so there's no need
mention it now the games something I
He says it will be difficult and I think
that this point is taken to their tastes
since there are many games we throw a
glance
to stand out in the xbox one I will say that they are
halo of master chief projection super
ultra r3 arcade remix at 5
guardians rise are another of harris in 3 and
killer instinct and on playstation 4
they are uncharted 4 the order 1886
infamous second sonic and zone shadow file
and some others more in the territory
of hardware the ps 4 is superior to xbox
one since it has a gddr5 memory and more
nuclei in gpu what benefits you
have more resolution and better graphics
in video games the bad of these 2
ps4 and xbox one is that they do not have
backwards compatibility so if you want
Play a ps3 ps2 game in format
physical will not be possible the same to xbox
one with the xbox 360 games and the
first but sony is fixing this
problem with a service called gaikai
Microsoft has not talked about this topic
there are many issues to discuss
these two consoles but I think with
this is enough or I think so
now analyzing all the
features that we saw earlier
they know the winner very well and it is
playstation 4
well I think that after the seen it was
something obvious and good the reality is that the
PlayStation 4 is selling 10 million
of consoles and the xbox one 5 million in
my opinion if they tell me to choose a
only console of the two know which one I choose
well the wiiu xd up soon